#### What is zcomix.com?
Zcomix is a comic sharing website. It is a not-for-profit site for
self-publishing comic creators and their readers. Readers can browse a large
library of comics and can read them online or download them, no strings
attached.

Self-publishing comic creators can easily make their material available
to readers. Books can be uploaded within minutes and readers can pay
creators directly in return for work they enjoy.

#### What's in it for creators?
Zcomix makes publishing books simple. Jpg's or cbz files can be uploaded
and made available to readers immediately.

Zcomix makes it easy to promote and distribute material. Creators get
more exposure and can reach new audiences.

Creators maintain full ownership of their material.

Creators can make money. Payments from readers go directly to creators.
Apart from paypal processing fees, there are no commissions or charges.

#### How do readers benefit?
Readers can try before they buy. All books are free to read and
download.

Readers have complete control over their books. They can read online,
download them and read offline, copy them to other devices and share
them however they please.

Books are in the common cbz format so allowing readers to use their
favourite comic book reading software.

All books are DRM free. Books are freely available with no conditions
other than the copyright used by the creator.

Readers can reward creators for entertaining them. Apart from paypal
processing fees, donations go directly to creators. There are no
commission fees.

#### Can any creator sign up?
While beta testing the site is invite-only.

#### How do you make money off the site?
Zcomix is not-for-profit.  The time to create and maintain the site is
donated free of charge -- it's a labour of love.  The code for the site
is [[open source https://github.com/zcomix]].


