##### [[As a cartoonist, why would I want to use zcomix? #use]]
##### [[Why would I not use my own website? #own]]
##### [[How can goodwill be created? #goodwill]]
##### [[Doesn't paper offer a superior reading experience? #paper]]
##### [[I run a successful webcomic, wouldn't zcomix lower my web traffic? #traffic]]
##### [[As an established artist, why would I want to associate my work with others? #associate]]
##### [[Why use P2P networks to distribute the files? #p2p]]
##### [[Do digital comics take away from paper sales? #digital]]
##### [[How are cartoonists leaving money on the table? #money]]
##### [[What content will be on the site? #content]]
##### [[Why should I setup a Micropayments paypal account? #whymp]]
##### [[How do I setup a Micropayments paypal account? #howmp]]

-----

[[use]]
#### As a cartoonist, why would I want to use zcomix?
People love to share their culture with others.  Virtually every popular
comic is freely available online.  In this digital age it's impossible
for the self-publishing cartoonist industry to stop sharing, nor should
it. Instead this sharing should be leveraged. The main reason people try
to control content is not to control distribution but to ensure they can
monetize it.

One way to leverage the Internet and monetize the content is for
self-publishing cartoonists to work together and generate as much
goodwill as possible. Goodwill creates trust and loyalty in readers, who
spread the word, increasing audience size and resulting in more exposure
and more sales -- both paper and digital.


[[own]]
#### Why would I not use my own website?
When self-publishing cartoonists work together they generate much more
goodwill then they could on their own. A comic festival is a good
example (eg TCAF).  Comic creators and publishers come from all over to
participate. They volunteer their time, sign autographs and give away
free sketches. Creators generate a lot of goodwill at TCAF and TCAF
generates goodwill for them in return.

    - Many cartoonists in one area (300+ at TCAF 2014)
    - Signatures and sketches
    - Engaging the creators
    - Free talks/panels
    - Free comics and doodads
    - Pre-release of books
    - Meeting other readers
    - Saving on shipping costs

A single creator making the same presentation on their own doesn't have
near the same effect as it does at TCAF. Many creators bring many fans
which creates a positive buzz.  This buzz or goodwill encourages readers
to support creators with purchases of their material.


[[goodwill]]
#### How can goodwill be created?
[[Goodwill https://dev.zcomix.com/goodwill]]


[[paper]]
#### Doesn't paper offer a superior reading experience?
Many readers think so but what about comics that are out of print?  A
digital version may be their only option.

What about readers who live outside the US? The shipping costs on a $5
minicomic to destinations outside the US is often prohibitive. On top of
that, there are exchange rates and fees to consider.

The new generation of readers will not likely have the same fondness
towards paper -- this is a by-product of our childhood``1``:cite. In a
few years teenagers will be as old as the first-gen iPad. They will have
used a tablet all their lives.  They will find digital media very
natural.  The demand for digital content should increase immensely.


[[traffic]]
#### I run a successful webcomic, wouldn't zcomix lower my web traffic?
The design of zcomix is intentionally simple and unassuming. zcomix.com
is about making content available.  Each creator on zcomix has a page
with a brief description and a list of all their material. Creators can
add custom links including their home page, social channels (blogs,
twitter, tumblr, etc), and any webpages where their material can be
found -- both digital and print.

If zcomix can increase the audience size, and give readers access to
creators' material in a consistent, familiar way, this should drive even
more traffic to personal sites and increase the volume on social
channels (eg tumblr, blogs, twitter, facebook, etc).


[[associate]]
#### As an established artist, why would I want to associate my work with others?
If there are many comics hosted on zcomix, then there should be no
positive or negative association with the content (similar to Youtube).


[[p2p]]
#### Why use P2P networks to distribute the files?
From a technical standpoint P2P networks save on bandwidth and reduce
network congestion. As well, these networks ensure there are multiple
copies of the files available.  This has the benefit of acting like a
file backup.  If the zcomix server (or any user) were to lose their
data, it could be rebuilt via P2P networks.

More importantly the P2P communities, especially the Direct Connect (DC)
network, is the nucleus of digital comics on the Internet.  Comics are
competing for people's leisure time.  They're up against Internet, TV,
movies, video games, etc.  The more readers the industry has, the
better``2``:cite.  The more readers the industry has, the more readers
there are to spend money.

P2P networks can expand a cartoonist's audience. On one P2P network
which only shares comics, it was found that 63% of the users were from
outside the US.

Here is a breakdown of downloaders in the top 13 countries:

``
37.06%  US, United States
 6.61%  CA, Canada
 6.33%  BR, Brazil
 6.02%  GB, United Kingdom
 3.39%  RU, Russian Federation
 3.17%  ES, Spain
 3.11%  SE, Sweden
 2.53%  AU, Australia
 2.39%  IT, Italy
 2.25%  DE, Germany
 2.16%  FR, France
 1.92%  PL, Poland
 1.83%  NL, Netherlands
``

These numbers illustrate there is a large demand for digital comics
outside the US.

I think it is important to mirror how file-sharing communities have done
things. File-sharing communities have been at it for 20+ years. Their
methods are tried and tested. There are advatanges to mirroring their
approach. It's unfortunate P2P networks have been branded negatively
(mostly by large corporation via the media) but there is an opportunity
here. Self-publishing creators could make use of this technology and
show how efficient and effective it is, ignoring big corps attempt to
demonize it. This plays nicely into self-publishing creators'
counter-culture roots (ie Underground Comix). If handled right, this
could be a huge boon cartoonists.

People love to share their culture with others.  In this digital age
it's impossible to stop and it shouldn't be -- it should be leveraged.
The current P2P communities are distributing and marketing cartoonists'
material. Make use of these groups to expand audiences and to generate
more sales.


[[digital]]
#### Do digital comics take away from paper sales?
Some people suggest digital comics hurt the paper comics industry,
saying it will take away from paper sales and lead to store closings. Is
it not possible that digital and paper are two sides of the same coin?
Maybe paper and digital sales are directly proportional: the more paper
copies sold, the more digital copies sold; the more digital sales, the
more paper sales.

Consider the vinyl record industry. In theory this industry should have
died years ago and yet sales are higher now than they've been in
decades. There are music enthusiasts that listen to digital material
only, there are traditionalists that swear by vinyl, and some enjoy the
benefits of both.  There is no reason why comics are different.


[[money]]
#### How are cartoonists leaving money on the table?
Small/micro/self-publishers lose sales with traditional publishing
methods in several ways:
    - Out of print books (demand is not being met)
    - Shipping costs (especially to countries outside the US)
    - Poor exchange rates with the USD

By using sites like Comixology, publishers lose sales because of:
    - Regional locks
    - DRM
    - Over-priced books
    - Unfair compensation``3``:cite


[[content]]
#### What content will be on the site?
Current minicomics, webcomics and strips are of interest.  As well we'd
like to excavate older material from the 80's, 90's, 00's.


[[whymp]]
#### Why should I setup a Micropayments paypal account?
If transactions average $12 or less, the fees with a Micropayments
paypal
account will be lower than with a Standard account.  For more
information, go
[[here https://www.paypal.com/ca/webapps/mpp/merchant-fees]]


[[howmp]]
#### How do I setup a Micropayments paypal account?
An active paypal account can be switched from Standard to Micropayments,
see step 3, otherwise a new account is required.

+ To setup a new account, go [[here
https://www.paypal.com/ca/cgi-bin/marketingweb?cmd=_product-go&product=none]].
+ After creating an account, paypal will send you an email with an activation link.
+ To switch a paypal account from 'Standard' to 'Micropayment', you must call paypal.  To find the number in your country, go [[here
https://www.paypal.com/ca/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_contact-phone]].  Their auto-attendant is voice operated.  None of their options are for switching to a micropayment account.  To drop out of their auto-attendant and speak to an agent, say the word "agent".


-----

###### [[1]] 1. That said, I think there will also be demand for paper comics.
###### [[2]] 2. The bigger the head, the longer the [[tail http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Long_tail]].
###### [[3]] 3. "...with ComiXology I’m only guaranteed 33 cents on every dollar if it’s bought through the Apple store." Becky Cloonan, [[Self Publish or Perish http://beckycloonan.tumblr.com/post/71721963332/self-publish-or-perish-a-short-essay-or-4-000]]
