zcomix.com is a comic-sharing website for self-publishing comic creators
and their readers.

This page is intended to give an overview of the site and a bit of the
motivation for the creation of zcomix.com. It's an attempt at a top-down
approach, so it maybe a little scattered. The main goal is to get down
the key concepts.

----

#### Perspective
Most people spend their leisure time on some combination of the
Internet, TV, movies, video games, prose books and outdoor activities.
Comics represent a humble, tiny dot on the entertainment map. Of the
relatively few comic readers, only a small percent are involved in, or
even aware of, small/micro/self-published books.

Self-publishing is a unique and interesting craft. Creators take pride
in participating in most aspects of their work and there is a hands-on
simplicity to how they create value -- as simple as print, fold and
staple. The Internet is an appealing piece in the evolution of
self-publishing, providing a low-cost, yet accessible and professional
means to publish, promote, and distribute directly to the reader.

The Internet does have its challenges. Some self-publishers are giving it a go,
but from a readers perspective, it hasn't been ideal. Each creator has their
material in their own corner of the Internet. It can be difficult for readers
to find and track the creators' books. And there is little consistency between
websites with regards to how the content is presented and how the creator is
compensated.

What if there was a site where creators could upload their content using
a dead-simple interface so that material could be published in minutes?
What if there was a site that presented the content in a consistent, common
format and provided searching and sorting so readers could find what
they want and be reading immediately?


#### Popular Comics
Publishing creative works on the Internet can result in copying. The
music and film industry face this and it happens with comics too. If a
comic is popular enough, it will be available via P2P networks
([[BitTorrent http://www.bittorrent.com popup]] or
[[Direct Connect https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Direct_Connect_(file_sharing) popup]])[[[1 #footnote_1]]][[anchor_footnote_1]].
Popular digital material will be shared. Pretending this doesn't happen is
foolish. Pretending it can be stopped by guilting people with terms like
"piracy" and "theft" is, to be frank, ignorant.  Hard-core comic readers expend
enormous amount of energy acquiring, formatting, sharing and praising works. In
the Internet era, enthusiasts are the creator's marketing and distributing
departments.

Users sharing digital content isn't the problem, it's a solution. What's
missing is a frictionless way for readers to compensate the creators.


#### Digital & Paper Comics
Some people suggest digital comics hurt the paper comics industry,
saying it will take away from paper sales and lead to store closings. Is
it not possible that digital and paper are two sides of the same coin?
Maybe paper and digital sales are directly proportional: the more paper
copies sold, the more digital copies sold; the more digital sales, the
more paper sales.

Consider the vinyl record industry. In theory this industry should have
died years ago and yet sales are higher now than they've been in
decades. There are music enthusiasts that listen to digital material
only, there are traditionalists that swear by vinyl, and some enjoy the
benefits of both.


#### Leaving Money on the Table
Small/micro/self-publishers lose sales with traditional publishing
methods in several ways:

    - Out of print books (demand is not being met)
    - Shipping costs (especially to countries outside the US)
    - Poor exchange rates with the USD

By using sites like Comixology, publishers lose sales because of:

    - Regional locks
    - DRM
    - Over-priced books
    - Unfair compensation [[[2 #footnote_2]]][[anchor_footnote_2]]


#### Solutions

People value a good story. Creators make them. Creators have what people
want. But do self-publishing creators leverage this advantage? Do they
make full use of resources available to them to capitalize on their
favourable position?

Relative to paper, digital publishing requires much less resources.  In
terms of dollars and time, the cost of producing and distributing
digital material is minimal. The Internet is ideal for self-publishers
with a small budget to gain exposure and to establish a reader base.

Many people want paper copies of their favourite books. Once a reader
base is established and demand for paper books determined, creators can
work directly with their base to crowdfund the project via
[[kickstarter kickstarter.com popup]].


#### Goodwill

Creators can benefit by generating goodwill between themselves and their
readers.  Below is a list of ideas to help generate goodwill.


##### Make It Convenient
Creators make it difficult for readers to discover their
work if that work is spread over the Internet. It's tedious for readers to
track the new releases from their favourite creators if that material is
presented in different locations, some on personal blogs, some on tumblr pages,
some on small/micro press sites, etc. Make accessing the material simple,
convenient, and familiar. Make the experience for the reader as seamless as
possible so they are excited and motivated to support creators.

Crowdfunding (eg [[kickstarter kickstarter.com popup]]) works but only with a crowd.
Creators are better off if readers come to a single hub-site where buzz about a
new release can grow and snowball. Imagine a thousand creators each
crowdfunding projects on their own sites, and now consider how more effective
it is if they all used a single site like [[kickstarter kickstarter.com popup]].
A single location is more convenient for readers as well.

##### Leverage File Sharing Communities
File sharing communities have been
around since the 90's. They have a tried and tested method for
distributing digital material. The community has momentum and numbers.
Goodwill would be created if creators indulged the community by
mirroring their methods by, for example, using consistent and familiar
file names and formats, eg cbz, and using P2P networks
(eg [[BitTorrent http://www.bittorrent.com popup]] and
[[Direct Connect https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Direct_Connect_(file_sharing) popup]])[[[1 #footnote_1]]][[anchor_footnote_1]]) for distribution. The community will give back. They
will report mistakes and issues, such as pages out of order/missing or
corrupt files. As well, creators might gain an instant readership if a
work catches on.

##### Creator Documentation
If a site is to be effective, it has to be easy to use. If the site provides
howto's for common tasks, this will ease the learning curve for creators
wanting to publish. Include howto's for:
    - scanning & photoshop
    - information on png vs jpg vs gif
    - setting up a paypal micro-payments account
    - copyright licencing


##### Site Costs
To maximize the return for creators, the site would be not-for-profit. This
helps create goodwill. Readers are much more likely to support creators if they
know payments are going directly to creators and not to a middleman. Users
should have more faith in the site if they know the site's only intention is to
connect creators and readers, and not to benefit developers.

Site administrators will donate their time. The site will accept
donations. They will be used to offset hosting costs and if there is any
surplus, it will be put towards the site and its community. The site
code will be open source and made available on github so the community
has an opportunity to contribute features and bug fixes.

##### Copyright
By using one of the [[Creative Commons http://creativecommons.org popup]]
[[licences http://creativecommons.org/licenses popup]], creators would add a level
of goodwill for their work attracting readers and maintaining interest in the
site.

##### Money Model
Most paper and digital comics use the 'buy before you try'
model. The model is prevalent in the media industry. Buyers purchase a
book, a movie ticket, or an album without knowing exactly what they're
getting. In order to overcome the buyer's reluctance to buy something
unknown, sellers rely on marketing hype. The hype is often extravagant
and deceptive leading to unfulfilled expectations. Buyers become cynical
and distrust publishers.

Many comics are digitized and available on P2P networks. This is
appealing to readers because they can try the material before
purchasing. If they find a book unfavourable, the only cost is their
time. If a book is great, the reader may decide to purchase a paper
copy. Either way, the reader is satisfied. The 'buy before you try'
model is not as appealing when readers have an alternative.

Some indie creators use the appeal to 'try before you buy' to their
advantage. They are posting work online and giving it away for free, no
strings attached. Their goal is to develop a readership first and create
secondary streams of income through paper copy sales, collectable
items and commissions. The growing availability of quality free content
on the web is making 'buy before you try' less appealing.

A 'try before you buy' method would generate a huge amount of goodwill.
As stated above, comics are vying for people's leisure time and this
method would allow for spontaneous consumption -- this is what the
Internet excels at.


#### Website
* Website ideas:
    - create as much goodwill as possible
    - filter brainstorming through, "what is best/ideal for the creator?"
    - filter brainstorming through, "what is best/ideal for the reader?"
    - keep the UI simple, allowing the creators and their works to standout

* Content demographics for the site:
    - minicomics
    - webcomics (webcomics solve many of the problems listed above)
    - strips
    - retired minicomics
    - retired webcomics
    - retired strips

----

[[footnote_1]]
[ [[1 #anchor_footnote_1]] ] As well books can also be digitized if a scanner or ripper follows a
    creator or finds a book of interest

[[footnote_2]]
[ [[2 #anchor_footnote_2]] ]
    "with ComiXology I’m only guaranteed 33 cents on every dollar if it’s bought
    through the Apple store. " Becky Cloonan,
    [[Self Publish or Perish http://beckycloonan.tumblr.com/post/71721963332/self-publish-or-perish-a-short-essay-or-4-000 popup]]


