#### What Is zco.mx?
zco.mx is a curated not-for-profit comic-sharing website for
self-publishing cartoonists and their readers. The site brings
cartoonists together to build and share an audience, and readers can
contribute money directly to cartoonists for works they enjoy. zco.mx
offers a platform where self-publishing cartoonists can make their
material available to readers with a simple-to-use user interface and
where books can be uploaded within minutes.

zco.mx was created around the idea of goodwill and inspired by the
comics communities that are formed through events such as [[TCAF
http://torontocomics.com/about-tcaf/]].


#### The Whole Is Greater Than the Sum of Its Parts
zco.mx is excited to have a variety of stories, genres and styles from
different cartoonists available on one site. We hope that by building
this community, readers will be motivated to give back and support
cartoonists and their work. People can contribute in many ways: donating
money, blogging, posting comments on social media, and recommending
cartoonists' work to others.


#### Money Model
Most paper and digital comics use the "buy before you try" model, where
buyers purchase a book without knowing exactly what they're getting. In
general, this means that sellers depend on marketing to overcome a
buyer's reluctance to purchase unfamiliar content.

zco.mx hopes to use the appeal of a "try before you buy" model, which
cartoonists are already using when posting work online or giving it away
for free. Many comics are digitized and available on P2P networks, which
is appealing to readers because they can try the material before
purchasing. If a book is great, the reader can decide to purchase a
paper copy. The goal is to develop a readership first and create
secondary streams of income through paper copy sales, collectable items
and commissions.

If self-publishing cartoonists worked together, the "try before you buy"
method could generate a huge amount of goodwill and community support.
zco.mx offers a platform for this exchange, including [[ways to support /faq#contribution]]
cartoonists' work directly.


#### Convenient Content
It can be tedious for readers to track new releases from their favourite
cartoonists when the material is presented in different locations (some
on personal blogs, some on Tumblr pages, some on small/micro-press
sites, etc.) We hope to make accessing the material simple, convenient
and familiar, to make the experience for the reader as seamless as
possible.


#### Leveraging File Sharing Communities
Comic file sharing communities have been around since the '90s. They
have a tried-and-tested method for distributing digital material. The
community has momentum and numbers. Cartoonists could take part in this
community and mirror their methods, by using consistent and familiar
file names and formats (such as cbz files) and P2P networks (such as
BitTorrent and Direct Connect) for distribution. The community will give
back. They will report mistakes and issues, such as missing pages or
corrupt files, and cartoonists can gain instant readership if work
catches on.


#### Cartoonist Documentation
zco.mx is easy to use and provides howtos for common tasks to ease the
learning curve for cartoonists wanting to publish digitally for the
first time. This includes instructions on the following:
    - Scanning and Photoshop
    - Information on PNG vs. JPEG vs. GIF
    - Setting up a Paypal Micropayments account
    - Copyright licencing


#### Site Costs
To maximize the return for cartoonists, zco.mx is not-for-profit. This
helps create goodwill. Readers can support cartoonists knowing that
their payments are going directly to them, and not to a middleman. The
intention is to connect cartoonists and readers, not to benefit
developers.

Site administrators donate their time and the site accepts
``donations``:contribute_link, which are used to offset [[hosting costs
/expenses]]. Any surplus is put towards the site and its community. The
site code is open source and made available on [[github
https://github.com/zcomix]], so the community has an opportunity to
contribute features and bug fixes.


#### Copyright
By using a [[Creative Commons http://creativecommons.org/]] [[licence
http://creativecommons.org/licenses]], cartoonists also add a level of
goodwill to the community, by attracting readers and maintaining
interest in the site.
