##### [[What type of content will be on the site? #content]]
##### [[What file types can be uploaded? #filetypes]]
##### [[What terms or licence does zco.mx have over the work I post? #terms]]
##### [[Will all work be licenced under Creative Commons (CC)? #licence]]
##### [[Am I able to remove any of the work I posted on zco.mx? #remove]]
##### [[Should I post my older work or only new comics? Are you looking for short comics or longer works? #content2]]
##### [[As a cartoonist, why would I want to use zco.mx? #use]]
##### [[Why not just use my own website? #own]]
##### [[I run a successful webcomic. Wouldn't zco.mx lower my web traffic? #traffic]]
##### [[Why use file sharing networks to distribute the files? #p2p]]
##### [[How are cartoonists leaving money on the table? #money]]
##### [[Do digital comics take away from paper sales? #digital]]
##### [[Doesn't paper offer a superior reading experience? #paper]]
##### [[What is a Micropayments Paypal account? #whatmp]]
##### [[How do I set up a Micropayments Paypal account? #howmp]]

-----

[[content]]
#### What type of content will be on the site?
Current minicomics, webcomics and strips are of interest. As well, we'd
like to excavate older material from the ‘80s, ‘90s and ‘00s.


[[filetypes]]
#### What file types can be uploaded?
GIF, JPEG and PNG. Ideally, file resolutions should be higher than a
width of 1600px for portrait images and 2560px for landscape. This will
ensure that images look great on tablets.

For tablets, we use the image files that are uploaded to create cbz
files. We downsample images to 1600px for portrait images and 2560px for
landscape. For the web, we downsample to resolutions of 750px and
1200px. All aspect ratios are preserved.

If the image is black and white or uses few colours, we recommend
exporting to an 8-colour PNG or 16-colour PNG. This will drastically
reduce the filesize and keep the image crisp.


[[terms]]
#### What terms or licence does zco.mx have over the work I post?
The only licence used is the licence the cartoonist applies to their
work. zco.mx claims no ownership or control over the cartoonist or their
work.


[[licence]]
#### Will all work be licenced under Creative Commons (CC)?
Not necessarily. When a cartoonist uploads their work, a Terms and
Conditions pop-up window will appear, allowing them to grant zco.mx
permission to display their images.

For web images, cartoonists can select "All Rights Reserved," while
granting zco.mx permission to display their work. If a cartoonist wants
to release a cbz file (used for reading comics on tablets) of their work
on the file sharing networks, and they want to retain virtually all of
their rights over the work, they can use the most restrictive CC
licence: BY-NC-ND. This licence allows readers to share the work under
the condition that they credit the cartoonist and do not profit from or
change the work.

There are six CC licencing options available to cartoonists. More
information about the different licences can be found [[here
http://kb.zco.mx/cc]] and on the Creative Commons [[FAQ
http://kb.zco.mx/faqcc]] page.


[[remove]]
#### Am I able to remove any of the work I posted on zco.mx?
A cartoonist can add or remove their work from the site as they see fit.


[[content2]]
#### Should I post my older work or only new comics? Are you looking for short comics or longer works?
Any work you've completed in the past and comics you're currently
working on are welcome.

As for length, we recommend uploading works of at least eight pages and
approaching content as if it were being published in print. Shorter
works could be collected and posted as an anthology.  It is much more
enjoyable to read a longer anthology by a cartoonist than it is to open
and close many small cbz files.


[[use]]
#### As a cartoonist, why would I want to use zco.mx?
People love sharing content. Virtually every popular comic is freely
available online. It's impossible to stop readers from sharing the
comics they enjoy, and self-publishing cartoonists could leverage this
sharing. zco.mx is a way for cartoonists and readers to work together
and generate a community of goodwill, to create trust and build loyalty
in readers, who in turn will spread the word. zco.mx hopes that this
increased exposure and audience base will result in more sales for both
paper and digital comics.


[[own]]
#### Why not just use my own website?
zco.mx is inspired by comics communities that are generated by events
like [[TCAF http://torontocomics.com/about-tcaf/]], where cartoonists
and readers come together. These events foster goodwill and communities
of exchange, bringing in fans and creating positive buzz. Some
highlights at these events include:

    - Many cartoonists in one area (300+ at TCAF 2014)
    - Signatures and sketches
    - Engaging the cartoonists
    - Free talks and panels
    - Free comics and doodads
    - Prerelease of books
    - Meeting other readers
    - Saving on shipping costs

zco.mx hopes to create a similar buzz online, by bringing
self-publishing cartoonists and readers together.


[[traffic]]
#### I run a successful webcomic. Wouldn't zco.mx lower my web traffic?
zco.mx hopes to build a bigger audience for cartoonists. The design of
the site is intentionally simple and unassuming, with the goal of making
content available. Giving readers access to comics in a consistent,
familiar way should help drive more traffic to personal sites and
increase volume on social media. Each cartoonist page includes a brief
description and list of their work, as well as custom links to their
website, social media (blogs, Twitter, Tumblr, etc.) and any webpages
where their work can be found — in both digital and print.


[[p2p]]
#### Why use file sharing networks to distribute the files?
From a technical standpoint, file sharing or peer-to-peer (P2P) networks
save on bandwidth and reduce network congestion. These networks also
ensure that there are multiple copies of the files available. This has
the benefit of acting as a file backup. If the zco.mx server (or any
user) were to lose their data, it could be rebuilt via P2P networks.

More importantly, P2P communities, especially the Direct Connect (DC)
network, are the nucleus of digital comics on the Internet, and file
sharing communities have been around for over 20 years (though they have
often been branded negatively). Self-publishing cartoonists could make
use of this technology, which plays nicely into the countercultural
roots of underground comix. P2P communities are already distributing and
marketing comics, and this could be leveraged as an opportunity for
self-publishing cartoonists. Making use of these groups can expand
audiences and generate more sales.

P2P networks also have the advantage of reaching international
audiences, where there is a demand for digital comics. For example, on
one P2P network (which only shares comics) 63% of users are from outside
the US. Here is a breakdown of downloaders in the top 13 countries:
``
37.06% United States
 6.61% Canada
 6.33% Brazil
 6.02% United Kingdom
 3.39% Russian Federation
 3.17% Spain
 3.11% Sweden
 2.53% Australia
 2.39% Italy
 2.25% Germany
 2.16% France
 1.92% Poland
 1.83% Netherlands
``


[[money]]
#### How are cartoonists leaving money on the table?
Small/micro/self-publishers lose sales with traditional publishing methods in several ways:
    - Out-of-print books (where demand is not being met)
    - Shipping costs (especially to countries outside the US)
    - Poor exchange rates with the US dollar

By using sites like ComiXology, self-publishers lose sales in several ways:
    - Regional locks
    - Digital Rights Management (DRM)
    - Over-priced books
    - Unfair compensation``1``:cite


[[digital]]
#### Do digital comics take away from paper sales?
zco.mx hopes to promote paper sales through exposure to digital content.
Is it possible that digital and paper sales are two sides of the same
coin, and that their sales are directly proportional? Some readers will
purchase hard copies of comics they accessed digitally.

Consider the vinyl record industry. In theory, this industry should have
died years ago, and yet sales are higher now than they've been in
decades. There are music enthusiasts who listen to digital material
only, traditionalists who swear by vinyl, and some who enjoy the
benefits of both. There is no reason why comics should be different.


[[paper]]
#### Doesn't paper offer a superior reading experience?
Many readers think so. The aim of zco.mx is not to take away from paper
sales or quality, but to provide a digital platform to supplement paper
comics. For example, comics that are out of print can be accessed
digitally, and readers outside the US can support cartoonists without
paying shipping fees or exchange rates. As well, new generations of
readers might prefer digital media and reading on tablets. zco.mx is
just one way for self-publishing cartoonists to meet the demand for
digital content.


[[whatmp]]
#### What is a Micropayments Paypal account?
To receive payments, we recommend setting up a Micropayments Paypal
account, which has lower fees for transactions that average $12 or less
than a Standard account. More information can be found [[here https://www.paypal.com/ca/webapps/mpp/merchant-fees]].


[[howmp]]
#### How do I set up a Micropayments Paypal account?
An active Paypal account can be switched from Standard to Micropayments
(see step 3). Otherwise, a new account is required:

+ To set up a new account, go [[here https://www.paypal.com/ca/cgi-bin/marketingweb?cmd=_product-go&product=none]].
+ After creating an account, Paypal will send you an email with an activation link.
+ To switch a Paypal account from Standard to Micropayments, you must call Paypal and speak with an agent directly. To find the number in your country, go [[here
https://www.paypal.com/ca/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_contact-phone]]. Their auto-attendant is voice operated. None of their options are for switching to a Micropayments account. To drop out of their auto-attendant and speak to an agent, say the word "agent."

-----

###### [[1]] 1. See, for example, Becky Cloonan, [[Self Publish or Perish: http://beckycloonan.tumblr.com/post/71721963332/self-publish-or-perish-a-short-essay-or-4-000]] "...with ComiXology I’m only guaranteed 33 cents on every dollar if it’s bought through the Apple store."
