Creators can benefit by generating goodwill between themselves and their
readers.


#### The Whole is Greater Than the Sum of Its Parts
Having a variety of stories, genres, and styles from different creators
on one site will excite readers and generate an atmosphere of goodwill.
Positive energy motivates people to give back. People can contribute in
many ways: donating money, blogging, making comments via social media,
distributing and organizing material, and recommending creators' work to
others. If people have faith in the site, they'll treat it like their
own. By working together, everyone benefits.


#### Convenient Content
It's tedious for readers to track the new releases from their favourite
creators if the material is presented in different locations, some on personal
blogs, some on tumblr pages, some on small/micro press sites, etc.  Make
accessing the material simple, convenient, and familiar. Make the experience
for the reader as seamless as possible so they are excited and motivated to
support creators.


#### Leverage File Sharing Communities
Comic file sharing communities have been around since the 90's. They
have a tried and tested method for distributing digital material. The
community has momentum and numbers. Goodwill would be created if
creators indulged the community by mirroring their methods by, for
example, using consistent and familiar file names and formats, eg cbz,
and using P2P networks (eg
[[BitTorrent http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bittorrent]] and
[[Direct Connect https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Direct_Connect_(file_sharing)]])
for distribution. The community will give back. They will report
mistakes and issues, such as pages out of order/missing or corrupt
files. As well, creators might gain an instant readership if a work
catches on.


#### Creator Documentation
If a site is to be effective, it has to be easy to use. If the site
provides howto's for common tasks, this will ease the learning curve for
creators wanting to publish. Include howto's for:

    - scanning & photoshop
    - information on png vs jpg vs gif
    - setting up a paypal micro-payments account
    - copyright licencing


#### Site Costs
To maximize the return for creators, the site would be not-for-profit.
This helps create goodwill. Readers are much more likely to support
creators if they know payments are going directly to creators and not to
a middleman. Users should have more faith in the site if they know the
site's only intention is to connect creators and readers, and not to
benefit developers.

Site administrators will donate their time. The site will accept
``donations``:contribute_link. They will be
used to offset hosting costs and if there is any surplus, it will be put
towards the site and its community. The site code will be open source
and made available on [[github https://github.com/zcomix]] so the
community has an opportunity to contribute features and bug fixes.


#### Copyright
By using one of the [[Creative Commons http://creativecommons.org/]]
[[licences http://creativecommons.org/licenses]], creators would add a
level of goodwill for their work attracting readers and maintaining
interest in the site.


#### Money Model
Most paper and digital comics use the 'buy before you try' model. The
model is prevalent in the media industry. Buyers purchase a book, a
movie ticket, or an album without knowing exactly what they're getting.
In order to overcome the buyer's reluctance to buy something unknown,
sellers rely on marketing hype. The hype is often extravagant and
deceptive leading to unfulfilled expectations. Buyers become cynical and
distrust publishers.

Many comics are digitized and available on P2P networks. This is
appealing to readers because they can try the material before
purchasing. If they find a book unfavourable, the only cost is their
time. If a book is great, the reader may decide to purchase a paper
copy. Either way, the reader is satisfied. The 'buy before you try'
model is not as appealing when readers have an alternative.

Some indie creators use the appeal to 'try before you buy' to their
advantage. They are posting work online and giving it away for free, no
strings attached. Their goal is to develop a readership first and create
secondary streams of income through paper copy sales, collectable items
and commissions. The growing availability of quality free content on the
web is making 'buy before you try' less appealing.

If self-publishing cartoonists worked together, the 'try before you buy'
method would generate a huge amount of goodwill. Comics are vying for
people's leisure time and this method allows for spontaneous consumption --
this is what the Internet excels at.
