##### [[Terms and Conditions of Use #terms]]
##### [[Content Guidelines #content]]
##### [[Privacy Policy #privacy]]

[[terms]]
## Terms and Conditions of Use
### 1. Terms


By accessing this web site, you are agreeing to be bound by these web site
''Terms and Conditions of Use'', all applicable laws and regulations, and agree
that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. If you
do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or
accessing this site. The materials contained in this web site are protected by
applicable copyright and trade mark law.

### 2. Use License

+ Permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the materials (information or software) on zco.mx's web site for personal, non-commercial transitory viewing only. This is the grant of a license, not a transfer of title, and under this license you may not:
--modify or copy the materials;
--use the materials for any commercial purpose, or for any public display (commercial or non-commercial);
--attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any software contained on zco.mx's web site;
--remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials; or
--transfer the materials to another person or "mirror" the materials on any other server.
+This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be terminated by zco.mx at any time. Upon terminating your viewing of these materials or upon the termination of this license, you must destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether in electronic or printed format.

### 3. Submitted Content

As as account holder you may submit content to zco.mx, including images, text
and comments. You understand that zco.mx does not guarantee any
confidentiality with respect to any content you submit.

You shall be solely responsible for your own content and the consequences of
submitting and publishing your content to zco.mx. You affirm, represent, and
warrant that you own or have the necessary licenses, rights, consents, and
permissions to publish all content you submit; and you license to zco.mx all
patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other proprietary rights in and
to such content for publication on zco.mx pursuant to these ''Terms and
Conditions of Use''.

**You retain all of your ownership rights to your content.** However, by
submitting content to zco.mx, you hereby grant zco.mx a worldwide,
non-exclusive, royalty-free, sublicenseable and transferable license to use,
reproduce, distribute, prepare derivative works of, display, and perform the
content in connection with zco.mx's service, including without limitation for
promoting and redistributing part or all of the service (and derivative works
thereof) in any media formats and through any media channels. You also hereby
grant each user of the service a non-exclusive license to access your content
through the zco.mx, and to use, reproduce, distribute, display and perform
such content as permitted through the functionality of zco.mx and under these
''Terms and Conditions of Use''.

The above licenses granted by you for the content you submit to zco.mx
terminate within a reasonable time after you remove or delete your content from
zco.mx. You understand and agree, however, that zco.mx may retain, but not
display or distribute server copies of your content that have been removed or
deleted.

You further agree that content you submit to zco.mx will not contain third
party copyrighted material, or material that is subject to other third party
proprietary rights, unless you have permission from the rightful owner of the
material or you are otherwise legally entitled to post the material and to
grant zco.mx all of the license rights granted herein.

You further agree that you will not submit to zco.mx any content or other
material that is contrary to the zco.mx Content Guidelines outlined below,
which may be updated from time to time, or contrary to applicable local,
national, and international laws and regulations.

zco.mx does not endorse any content submitted by any user or other licensor, or
any opinion, recommendation, or advice expressed therein, and zco.mx expressly
disclaims any and all liability in connection with any user content. zco.mx
does not permit copyright infringing activities and infringement of
intellectual property rights on zco.mx, and zco.mx will remove all content if
properly notified that such content infringes on another's intellectual
property rights. zco.mx reserves the right to remove content without prior
notice.

### 4. Disclaimer

The materials on zco.mx's web site are provided "as is". zco.mx makes no
warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other
warranties, including without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of
merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of
intellectual property or other violation of rights. Further, zco.mx does not
warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or
reliability of the use of the materials on its Internet web site or otherwise
relating to such materials or on any sites linked to this site.


### 5. Limitations

In no event shall zco.mx or its suppliers be liable for any damages
(including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to
business interruption,) arising out of the use or inability to use the
materials on zco.mx's Internet site, even if zco.mx or a zco.mx authorized
representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of
such damage. Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied
warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental
damages, these limitations may not apply to you.

### 6. Revisions and Errata

The materials appearing on zco.mx's web site could include technical,
typographical, or photographic errors. zco.mx does not warrant that any of the
materials on its web site are accurate, complete, or current. zco.mx may make
changes to the materials contained on its web site at any time without notice.
zco.mx does not, however, make any commitment to update the materials.

### 7. Links

zco.mx has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its Internet web site and is
not responsible for the contents of any such linked site. The inclusion of any
link does not imply endorsement by zco.mx of the site. Use of any such linked
web site is at the user's own risk.

### 8. Site Terms of Use Modifications

zco.mx may revise these terms of use for its web site at any time without
notice. By using this web site you are agreeing to be bound by the then current
version of these ''Terms and Conditions of Use''.

### 9. Ability to Accept Terms and Conditions

You affirm that you are 18 years of age or older, or possess legal parental or guardian consent, and are fully able and competent to enter into the terms, conditions, obligations, affirmations, representations, and warranties set forth in these ''Terms and Conditions of Use'', and to abide by and comply with these ''Terms and Conditions of Use''. Regardless, you affirm that you are over the age of 13, as zco.mx content is not intended for children under 13. If you are under 13 years of age, then please do not use zco.mx's services.

### 10  . Governing Law

Any claim relating to zco.mx's web site shall be governed by the laws of the
Province of Ontario, Canada without regard to its conflict of law provisions.


[[content]]
## Content Guidelines
The following material is not permitted on zco.mx.
+Copyrighted material you do not have license or permission to publish
+Pornography
+Excessively violent or graphic material
+Harmful or dangerous content
+Hateful, defaming or threating material
+Spam, marketing, or scams


[[privacy]]
## Privacy Policy

Your privacy is very important to us. Accordingly, we have developed this
policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate and
disclose and make use of personal information. The following outlines our
privacy policy.

-Before or at the time of collecting personal information, we will identify the purposes for which information is being collected.
-We will collect and use of personal information solely with the objective of fulfilling those purposes specified by us and for other compatible purposes, unless we obtain the consent of the individual concerned or as required by law.
-We will only retain personal information as long as necessary for the fulfillment of those purposes.
-We will collect personal information by lawful and fair means and, where appropriate, with the knowledge or consent of the individual concerned.
-Personal data should be relevant to the purposes for which it is to be used, and, to the extent necessary for those purposes, should be accurate, complete, and up-to-date.
-We will protect personal information by reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
-We will make readily available to customers information about our policies and practices relating to the management of personal information.

We are committed to conducting our services in accordance with these principles
in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is
protected and maintained.
