[[privacy_policy]]
## Privacy Policy


#### Preamble

This Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) explains the collection, use, and disclosure of “personal information” by zco.mx. Unless otherwise noted on a particular site or service, this Privacy Policy applies to your use of all websites and services zco.mx operates under http://zco.mx (the “Website”), as well as the products, information, and services provided through the Website
(together with the Website, the “Services”) including a creator account (a log-in account permitting a user to upload content, the "Creator Account").

This Privacy Policy also explains our commitment to you with respect to our use and disclosure of non personal browsing and site usage data that zco.mx collects as the provider of the Services. That commitment is contained in a “Data Usage Policy,” below.

As used in this policy, “personal information” means information that would allow a party to identify you such as, for example, your name, address or location, telephone number, or email address.

By accessing or using any of the Services, you are accepting and agreeing to the practices described in this Privacy Policy.

#### Our Principles

zco.mx is committed to handling responsibly the information and data we collect about you through our Services, whether personal information or non personal browsing and site usage data. We have designed our Privacy Policy and our Data Usage Policy consistent with the following principles (the “Principles”):

+Privacy policies and data collection and use policies should be human readable, comprehensive, and easy to locate;
+Only the minimum amount of information reasonably necessary to provide you with services should be collected and maintained, and only for so long as reasonably needed or required;
+Information you provide through our Services, or that we gather as a result of your use of our Services, should not be used for marketing or advertising purposes, nor should it be provided voluntarily (without your permission) to anyone else unless required; and
+If zco.mx is required to provide a third party with your personal information (whether by subpoena or otherwise), then provided we have collected and retained an email address for you, zco.mx will use reasonable means to notify you promptly of that event, unless prohibited by law or zco.mx is otherwise advised not to notify you on the advice of legal counsel.

#### Personal Information zco.mx Collects

We may collect personal information through our Services, including without limitation:

-when you provide us with your personal information such as by sending an email to us or signing up to receive updates from zco.mx;
-when you donate money to content creators ("Creators") or us;
-when you create a Creator Account or agree to have a Creator Account created for you;
-when you provide personal information in connection with your participation in any of the forums we make available through our Services.

#### What zco.mx Does with Personal Information

Emails and Newsletters. We use the personal information you provide to us when you send us emails or sign up to receive updates from zco.mx in order to respond to your request – for example, to reply to your email or to send you communications about zco.mx news and updates.

When you subscribe to updates from us, your email address is sent to and stored in a database hosted on zco.mx’ servers that can only be accessed by zco.mx staff and contractors. When you subscribe to one of our email discussion lists, your name and email address is sent to and stored by  (1) zco.mx, or (2) another service with which zco.mx has engaged to provide email support. Personal information submitted as part of our email discussion lists is used for the purpose of managing the discussion lists. Your name and email address will typically be visible to other list participants when you correspond on the list and to the general public in the discussion archives. All emails sent to the discussions lists are publicly archived.

Donations. You may donate money to Creators or zco.mx using the on-line payment site, PayPal. When you use PayPal websites and services to donate to zco.mx, your personal information is sent to, handled by and stored by PayPal in accordance with their privacy policies and terms of use. You should read and understand the privacy policy and terms of use of any website you use to make donations.

#### Participating in Our Community

Registered Users. When you register to obtain a user account on any of the Services (any such person, a “Registered User”), including but not limited to Creator Account, you may be asked to provide personal information to create your account and establish a password and profile. We encourage you to use an alias or nickname if you are not comfortable providing your legal name. The name or nickname you provide in connection with your account may be used to attribute you in connection with any content you submit to any Service. We also use that personal information to establish and maintain your account, to provide you with the features we provide Registered Users, and to email you regarding changes to this policy or other applicable policies. If you sign up to receive updates from zco.mx when you create your account, we will use your personal information to send you communications about zco.mx news and updates.

Any other personal information that we may collect which is not described specifically in this Privacy Policy will only be collected and used in accordance with the Principles.

#### Disclosures of Personal Information

In general, it is not zco.mx’s practice to disclose personal information to third parties. We may share your personal information in two instances:

First, zco.mx may share personal information with our contractors and service providers in order to maintain, enhance, or add to the functionality of the Services.

Second, we may disclose your personal information to third parties in a good faith belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to (a) take action regarding suspected illegal activities; (b) enforce or apply our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy; (c) comply with legal process, such as a search warrant, subpoena, statute, or court order; or (d) protect our rights, reputation, and property, or that of our users, affiliates, or the public.

If zco.mx is required to provide a third party with your personal information
(whether by subpoena or otherwise), then provided we have collected and
retained an email address for you, zco.mx will use reasonable means to notify
you promptly of that event, unless prohibited by law or zco.mx is otherwise
advised not to notify you on the advice of legal counsel.

#### Security of Personal Information Collected via the Services

zco.mx has implemented reasonable measures to protect against unauthorized access to and unlawful interception or processing of personal information that zco.mx stores and controls. However, no website can fully eliminate security risks. Third parties may circumvent our security measures to unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications. We will post a reasonably prominent notice to the Website if any such security breach occurs.


#### Data Usage Policy: Non Personal Browsing and Site Usage Information

Our Data Usage Policy covers how we maintain and use information about you that is collected by our Services, including when you log into a website using your zco.mx Creator Account.

##### Non Personal Browsing Information We Collect

When you use the Services, our servers (which may be hosted by a third party
service provider) may collect information indirectly and automatically
(through, for example, the use of your “IP address”) about your activities
while visiting the Website and information about the browser you are using. In
addition, whenever you use your zco.mx Creator Account to log into a website,
our servers (which, again, may be hosted by a third party service provider)
keep a log of the websites you visit and when you visit them.

##### No Linking

We do not intentionally link browsing information or information from our server logs to the personal information you submit to us. We use this information for internal purposes only, such as to help understand how the Services are being used, to improve our Services, and for systems administration purposes. zco.mx may use a third party analytics provider to help us collect and analyze non personal browsing information through operation of our Services for those same purposes.

##### No Selling or Sharing

Except in the unique situations identified in this Privacy Policy, zco.mx does not sell or otherwise voluntarily provide the non personal browsing information we collect about you or your website usage to third parties.

##### No Retention

zco.mx discards non personal browsing information from our server logs once we have used the information for the limited purposes noted above, under “No Linking.”

##### Notice

If zco.mx is required to provide a third party with your non personal browsing information or to log in on behalf of an Creator ACcount user (whether by subpoena or otherwise), then zco.mx will use reasonable means to notify you promptly of that event, unless zco.mx is prohibited by law from doing so or is otherwise advised not to notify you on the advice of legal counsel.

Any other non-personal information that we collect which is not described specifically in this Privacy Policy will only be collected and used in accordance with the Principles.

#### Reorganization or Spin-Offs

zco.mx may transfer some or all of your personal and/or non personal browsing information to a third party as a result of a reorganization, spin-off, or similar transaction. Upon such transfer, the acquirer’s privacy policy will apply. In such event, zco.mx will use reasonable efforts to notify you and to ensure that at the time of the transaction the acquirer’s privacy policy complies with the Principles.

#### Children

The Creator Account and Registered User Services are not directed at children under the age of 13. We will never knowingly request personal information from anyone under the age of 13 without requiring parental consent. Our Terms of Use specifically prohibit anyone using our Services from submitting any personally identifiable information about persons under 13 years of age. Any person who provides their personal information to zco.mx through the Services represents that they are 13 years of age or older.

#### Third-Party Sites

The Services may include links to other websites. You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party sites. This Privacy Policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other websites.

#### Special Note to International Users

The Services are hosted in Canada. Please note that your personal data may be  located on servers in Canada, the United States or other international locations. By providing your personal data you consent to the use of your personal data for the uses identified above in accordance with the Privacy Policy.

#### Changes and Updates to this Privacy Policy

We may occasionally update this Privacy Policy. When we do, we will also revise the Effective Date below. We encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Policy to stay informed about how we are protecting the personal information we collect. Your continued use of the Services constitutes your agreement to this Privacy Policy and any updates.

Effective Date: 2015-03-18 (March 18th 2015)
